1. what is Angular-Content ?
The ng-content directive in Angular is used for content projection, a technique that allows you to insert content from a parent component into a child component.
Reusability: ng-content enables the creation of reusable components.

2. What is ng-container?
The <ng-container> element in Angular is a special syntax element that acts as a logical container for grouping elements without adding any extra nodes to the DOM. It's not a directive, component, class, or interface. It's primarily used for applying structural directives like *ngIf, *ngFor, or *ngSwitch without introducing additional HTML elements that might interfere with layout or styling.

3.What is Angular?
Angular is single page web application
Angular is a TypeScript-based open-source web application framework developed and maintained by Google.

4.what is standalone?
In Angular, a standalone component is a new feature introduced in Angular v14 that allows a component to be self-contained — meaning it doesn't require being declared in an NgModule.

5. what is @input in angular?
Inputs allow components to share data. The direction of the data sharing is from parent component to child component.

6.what is Dependency injection?
Angular uses an injector to create and inject instances of services or other dependencies into components, directives, pipes, or other services.
In angular, DI is design pattern and its manages services and other objects into components and other services , it is resuability.

7.what is constructor?
In Angular (and TypeScript), a constructor is a special method used to create and initialize an instance of a class. In Angular components, services, or other classes, it's also used for Dependency Injection — that is, injecting services or other dependencies automatically when the class is created.

8. What is a Component in Angular?
A component is the building block of an Angular application. It controls a section of the UI and includes:
An HTML template
A TypeScript class (with logic)
A CSS style file

9. What is constructor ?
It is called instance of class is created.
it is used for simple initialization, like set up dependency injection

10. what is observable?
an observable is basically a function return the stram of value to observable over time . it can be either synchronous and asynchronously.

11. How do route guards work in angular?
In Angular, route guards are used to control access to routes — they let you decide whether a user can activate, deactivate, load, or leave a route based on logic like authentication, roles, unsaved changes, etc.
